Fix links. Add Discussion link (#19)
open-gitops/website: content/pages/get-involved.mdx

The GitOps Working Group is an open group, inviting companies and individuals to join and contribute to the community and the adoption of GitOps across the cloud native landscape.
There are a few ways you can get involved:

- Watch or star [OpenGitOps project repos](https://github.com/open-gitops/project/blob/main/README.md#repositories) and [GitOps Working Group](https://github.com/gitops-working-group/gitops-working-group/) repo to see when things change
- Join the [GitOps Subreddit](https://www.reddit.com/r/GitOps/)
- Attend a [Working Group or Committee meeting](https://github.com/gitops-working-group/gitops-working-group/blob/main/MEETINGS.md)

> - Start a [Discussion](https://github.com/open-gitops/project/discussions)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Start or participate in [Discussions](https://github.com/open-gitops/project/discussions)
```

Author: Good idea, committed your suggestion!
